Template: lagerdox/welcome
Type: text
Description: Welcome to lagerDOX
 In order to use lagerDOX, we need to setup the database as well as configure the
 paths where we'll be storing the uploads, documents and thumbnails.

Template: lagerdox/dbserver
Type: string
Default: 127.0.0.1
Description: Which MariaDB/MySQL server should lagerDOX use?
 LagerDOX requires a MariaDB (or MySQL) database to store metadata and the transcribed text
 from the scanned documents.

Template: lagerdox/dbname
Type: string
Default: lagerdox
Description: What should the database be called?
 This defines the name of the new database that we will create.

Template: lagerdox/dbuser
Type: string
Default: lagerdox
Description: Username to use for accessing database?
 The name of a user which should be used to access the database

Template: lagerdox/dbpassword
Type: password
Default: lagerdox
Description: Password to assign this user?
 The user must have a password, please assign one here

Template: lagerdox/dbrootuser
Type: string
Default: root
Description: Please provide an admin user for your database
 In order to create the user who will be used by lagerDOX, we need the admin username
 (default is "root" unless you've changed it)

Template: lagerdox/dbrootpassword
Type: password
Default:
Description: Please provide an admin password for your database
 In order to create the user who will be used by lagerDOX, we need the admin password
 (default is "root" unless you've changed it, which would be wise)

Template: lagerdox/pathupload
Type: string
Default: /var/lagerdox/upload
Description: Where should uploads be held?
 When documents are added to lagerDOX for processing, they're held in this location.
 This is not the permanent location for uploads. It's not recommended to use a tmpfs destination.
 (The selected location will be created if it doesn't exist)

Template: lagerdox/pathstore
Type: string
Default: /var/lagerdox/store
Description: Where should documents be kept?
 This is the final resting place for all uploaded documents.
 It's highly recommended to back up these files if you intend to shred the originals.
 (The selected location will be created if it doesn't exist)

Template: lagerdox/paththumbs
Type: string
Default: /var/lagerdox/thumbs
Description: Where should thumbnails be held?
 Once documents are added, thumbnails are generated for all pages. This location will hold
 the generated thumbnails. It's not recommended to use a tmpfs destination.
 (The selected location will be created if it doesn't exist)
